---
date: '2022-07-03T12:35:09-07:00'
publish: false
layout: data
excerpt: ''
categories: ''
---
Why are you taking that photo. What does the matter want to take enough photo. Are you taking it with intention? Does everything need attention? Can you just be taking a photo? What presumably it makes you happy or is to create future happiness. OK sure so it is. What's your point? Well then you have intention. OK but I didn't need to have the intention of mind without it in mind is it truly intention? Long calls. No it is not. And in doing so without intention what time is now taking a photo head present lack of awareness potential future. Why does every act need intention? Sure enough. Would you agree that to live is to be on a subjective spectrum of between pain discomfort and pleasure and comfort? He said agree so. Then would you agree that every aftertaste has an influence on your current and future subjective place along that spectrum. Yes I agree. Then to do an act without intention to commit an act without intention is to leave your life at the chance to leave your place along the spectrum of the chess . So is everything I do supposed to be a selfish act towards my own betterment? And you're not be towards your own but it should be towards someone. For even your own position long as spectrum is reliant on the work of others before and around you making your responsibility to provide future impact on those after and around you . So when you commit an act with intention you can decide for who does active settlement should better should benefit. We each have our own subjective objective conclusion  for the importance of our impact on our self vs others. I say subjective objective for just like some objectively believe in God while others objectively do not they are both reaching objective conclusion subjectively likewise we can both agree about the impact the importance of each action which takes role on ours and others position on the spectrum of life chip we might disagree on the relative importance of each to the individual. What if I disagreed that it's important to have it say on my relative position on the spectrum of life? Do you eat? Should I eat. Do you enjoy pleasure? Sure enjoy pleasure. Do you have practice self constraint? Sure I do. And you agree with the premise you just haven't consciously reached it . But I do not know maybe this conversation would be different. He said this is a practical philosophy relating to none other than your own experience no higher morals or benevolent being strictly a consequence of your own experience that just so happens to be shared by nearly all others. 

Anecdotes
Quality is the demonstration of honest intention.
Sometimes the intention is unknown. To begin with, allowing for irrational intentionality to exist before the rationale is found. This is it a free-for-all with an acceptance of conscious limitation and subconscious expansion. Go to exercise intention without prior rationality is requires for exercise. Some philosophies, religions, others may provide tooling for finding such intention both consciously and unconsciously. Exploring these larger ideas through the lens of intentionality opens them up for interpretation and personal integration and And understanding.