---
layout: post
title: 'Why I Built This Site'
date: '2022-04-21T14:35:45-04:00'
categories: about
excerpt: 'For my forthcoming trip I really wanted to balance the desire to share with that of being untethered.'
---
> For my forthcoming trip I really wanted to balance the desire to share with that of being untethered.

Not too long ago I thought to myself "I should hike the Pacific Crest Trail". All 2662 miles (4284 km) of it. In not too
long I will try. Along the way I'm bound for some epic adventures. I'd love for a way to take my family and friends
along for the journey, digitally that is. There's only one problem. I don't like social media. I could probably write an
essay arguing why but as the great Kevin Malone once said "why say lot word when few do trick". Social media sucks. It
sucks for the addictive features, it sucks for the self-confidence busters, it sucks for the data lock ins, it sucks for
the privacy invasions, it sucks for the platform restrictions, it sucks for the hate fueled conversations, and it sucks
for the information bubbles. But everyone already knows these reasons and figure them an alright price to pay for dank
meme wars. I get it. There are as many if not more upsides than downsides. But there's a reason social media sucks that
maybe isn't mentioned as frequently as the others. Social media lacks context. Everything shared on social media is a "
moment". A single photo, story, video, tweet, or even link are all shared in isolation from one another. Yet that's not
how things actually rarely are. Even a picture of an amazing vacation is greater in context to the previous weeks boring
desk job. Yet these contextual bits of information are seriously lacking from any popular platform. Ephemeral moments
competing for our fleeting attention. And all we're left with are particles of thoughts, experiences, and ideas. There
are ceratinly reasons to still use these platforms, and I probably will, but for my mental health and intellectual
curiosity they rarely suffice. In regular life I do just fine as a passive lurker but for my forthcoming trip I really
wanted to find a way to balance the desire to share with that of being untethered. A simple blog or public photo album
would be an alright start but still too restrictive to how I want to share. I want to take my family and friends on the
journey with me. Have them seen the things I'm seeing, understand the challenges ahead and behind, and get to peek into
the day to day of their PCT thru-hiker. They should be able to ask how many miles did I walk today? What was the
weather? Where did I start and finish? Who did I meet? What portion of the trail did I tackle? What night camping was
it? What views did I wake up to? How was all this different from yesterday, or two weeks ago? Where will I be tomorrow
or two weeks from now? All of these questions are real elements of an experience full of continual context not easily
broken down into one off posts, tweets, images, or stories. My mission with this website is to create a place to share
the journey in its continuum. Start to finish, in real time, with all the possible context of the experience itself. So
I put together this site, a collection of realtime content from my journey, shared automatically in the background to my
regular activities. 'Waypoints' are fetched from my Garmin tracker, 'Photos' from a Google Photos album, 'Words' my
notes' app, and 'Logs' the result of a Shortcut on my iPhone. It took a few trys to get right, and I fully anticipate
Uncle Murphy to laugh at all efforts to prevent an explosion on day 1, but for now I'm glad about the results and
excited to experiment with this form of journaling from the trail!

Todo: Organize a more in depth explanation of the technical implementations.
